feat: Render Custom widget for standalone array fields (#2697)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

- Differentiated the material-ui 4 and 5 themes
- Added chakra-ui theme

> # v3.4.0 (Upcoming)

Author: Is this the next release?

- Differentiated the material-ui 4 and 5 themes
- Added chakra-ui theme

# v3.4.0
## @rjsf/core
- Introduce `idSeparator` prop to change the path separator used to generate field names (https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/2628)

> - Array fields support custom widgets without `enums` or `uniqueItems`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Array fields support custom widgets (previously, only multiple-choice arrays with `enums` or `uniqueItems` support it)
```

Author: done.
